# ai-assisted-coding_panther

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

Developers: Margo Kim, Sarah Auch, Tessora Stefan, Aryaan Upadhyay

In the dynamic environment of a classroom, interactions between teachers and students are pivotal. Our AI-Assisted Classroom Interaction Analysis Platform revolutionizes how these interactions are studied and understood. Using cutting-edge AI, our platform offers an intuitive, interactive way to analyze classroom transcripts, bringing efficiency and depth to educational research and practice.

The AI-Assisted Classroom Interaction Analysis Platform is more than just a tool; it's a step towards a deeper understanding of educational dynamics. By providing a detailed analysis of classroom interactions, this platform opens new avenues for improving teaching methodologies, enhancing student engagement, and shaping educational policies.

## Install

``` sh
pip install --upgrade accelerate
pip install pybase64
pip install datasets
pip install transformers
pip install -U scikit-learn
pip3 install torch torchvision
pip install accelerate -U
```

## How to use

To use the AI-Assisted Labeling page, please upload a CSV file of the current transcript talbe, whether it is labeled or unlabeled. The page will display an explorable pandas chart table with all of the information and new labels. One can then download the new CSV file with the suggested transcript labels.

To use the Ask the DataSet page, please select one or more CSV files of interest to explore. Then, input a question about the dataset and a response will be shown.

To use the In-The-Loop AI-Assisted Labeling Page, upload one or more CSV files to label and choose a starting number of lines to label. Then you may apply said labels and ensure it is updated, as well as correct the labels if no labels are provided or fix erroneous predictions. After the first round of example labeling, the model will use this training data to train the model and have it make predictions for a next batch of statements. You may repeat this process until you are satisfied, then download an updated CSV file with all of the correct labels added to the datasets. 

## Files

### app.py

The app.py file in this project serves as the main executable script, running the web application's user interface and integrating the various functionalities of the AI-Assisted Classroom Interaction Analysis Platform.

### 00_core.ipynb

This Jupyter notebook is foundational or core to the project, setting up essential functions and libraries such as nbdev for use in other parts of the project.

### 01_askDataset.ipynb

This Jupyter notebook receives the data as a CSV and takes as input a string so a question can be asked of the model.

### 02_labeling.ipynb

Based on a CSV file, this Jupyter notebook provides a label for each of the texts and returns a new table as a pandas dataframe with all of the information and new labels.

### 03_intheloop.ipynb

This Jupyter notebook creates functionality that returns a variable number of consecutive lines from the transcript with their labels, as well as additional corrective information about anything mislabeled with the accuracy of the predictions.

On the UI, when you upload the dataset, first 5 predictions are shown and you can change the predicted labels. When you confirm the predicted labels, it is saved to the dataset.

### .devcontainer

A .devcontainer is a configuration file that sets up a development environment in a Docker container, ensuring consistent, easily reproducible settings and dependencies for all developers working on a project.

### requirements.txt

A requirements.txt file lists all the Python dependencies necessary for a project, allowing for easy installation and management of these packages across different environments.
